README.md, before:

l# 🔐 Whisperrauth

Welcome to **Whisperrauth** – your next-generation, AI powered zero-knowledge password, 2fa factor, wallet keys manager built with security, privacy, and usability at its core! 🚀

---

## ✨ Features

- 🛡️ **Zero-Knowledge Encryption:** Your data is encrypted on your device. We never see your passwords.
- 🔑 **Secure Password Generator:** Create strong, unique passwords for all your accounts.
- 👆 **Biometric Authentication:** Quickly access your vault with fingerprint or face recognition.
- 🔄 **Automatic Syncing:** Your credentials sync seamlessly across all your devices.
- 🌐 **Cross-Platform Access:** Available on desktop, mobile, and as a browser extension.
- 🔒 **Two-Factor Authentication:** Built-in TOTP code generator for added security.
- 🧑‍💻 **Modern UI:** Clean, responsive, and accessible interface.
- 📨 **Magic Link & OTP Login:** Passwordless authentication for convenience and security.
- 🛠️ **Appwrite Backend:** Secure, scalable, and open-source backend.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/whisperrnote.git
cd whisperrnote/auth
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

### 3. Configure Environment Variables

Copy the sample environment file and fill in your Appwrite credentials:

```bash
cp env.sample .env.local
```

Edit `.env.local` and set:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_ENDPOINT`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_PROJECT_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_BASE_URL`
- ...and other Appwrite collection/database IDs as needed.

### 4. Run the Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the app.

---

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
/auth
  ├── app/                # Next.js app directory (pages, layouts, providers)
  ├── components/         # Reusable UI components
  ├── lib/                # Utility functions and helpers
  ├── public/             # Static assets
  ├── env.sample          # Sample environment variables
  └── README.md           # This file!
```

---

## 🛠️ Built With

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) – React framework for production
- [Appwrite](https://appwrite.io/) – Secure backend server for authentication and storage
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) – Utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) – Typed JavaScript at scale

---

## 📝 Usage

- **Register:** Create a new account with email/password or magic link.
- **Login:** Sign in with password, OTP, or magic link.
- **Vault:** Store, generate, and manage your credentials securely.
- **2FA:** Enable two-factor authentication for extra security.
- **Password Recovery:** Forgot your password? Use the secure recovery flow.

---

## 🧑‍💻 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! 🎉

1. Fork the repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/awesome-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add awesome feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/awesome-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 🛡️ Security/Privacy

If you discover a security vulnerability, please open an issue or contact the maintainers directly.

---

## Security Summary

Current Grade: 🏆 Top-tier (NSA Suite B compatible)

AES-256-GCM: Approved for TOP SECRET data
PBKDF2 200k iterations: Resistant to rainbow table attacks
256-bit salt + IV: Perfect forward secrecy
Performance Impact:

Encryption/Decryption: ~1-3ms per operation
Key derivation: ~100-200ms (acceptable for auth)
Memory overhead: Minimal (~1KB per encrypted field)
Security vs Speed Balance: ✅ Optimal

Initial unlock: Slight delay (security priority)
Runtime operations: Near-instantaneous
Auto-lock: Proactive protection
This implementation provides bank-level security while maintaining excellent user experience.

## 📄 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

- Thanks to the [Appwrite](https://appwrite.io/) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) communities!
- Inspired by the need for simple, secure password management.

---

## 🌟 Stay Secure, Stay Productive!

> _"Your passwords, protected. Everywhere."_

---

Commit message:

🔧 Update README to highlight privacy solutions and AI integration in Whisperrauth

README.md, after:

l# 🔐 Whisperrauth

Welcome to **Whisperrauth** – your next-generation, AI powered zero-knowledge password, 2fa factor, wallet keys manager built with security, privacy, and usability at its core! 🚀

Whisperrauth tackles the privacy gaps that plague modern Web3 tooling: scattered credentials, secret keys, and 2FA tokens across chains and devices, all while requiring constant trust in third parties. We solve this by encrypting every secret locally, keeping the cloud zero-knowledge, and pairing the experience with AI intelligence that helps users organize and automate their recovery options without exposing data. This lets builders stay compliant in privacy-focused hackathons and keep sensitive keys safe while still interacting with AI-powered tooling.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🛡️ **Zero-Knowledge Encryption:** Your data is encrypted on your device. We never see your passwords.
- 🔑 **Secure Password Generator:** Create strong, unique passwords for all your accounts.
- 👆 **Biometric Authentication:** Quickly access your vault with fingerprint or face recognition.
- 🔄 **Automatic Syncing:** Your credentials sync seamlessly across all your devices.
- 🌐 **Cross-Platform Access:** Available on desktop, mobile, and as a browser extension.
- 🔒 **Two-Factor Authentication:** Built-in TOTP code generator for added security.
- 🧑‍💻 **Modern UI:** Clean, responsive, and accessible interface.
- 📨 **Magic Link & OTP Login:** Passwordless authentication for convenience and security.
- 🛠️ **Appwrite Backend:** Secure, scalable, and open-source backend.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/whisperrnote.git
cd whisperrnote/auth
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

### 3. Configure Environment Variables

Copy the sample environment file and fill in your Appwrite credentials:

```bash
cp env.sample .env.local
```

Edit `.env.local` and set:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_ENDPOINT`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APPWRITE_PROJECT_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_BASE_URL`
- ...and other Appwrite collection/database IDs as needed.

### 4. Run the Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the app.

---

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
/auth
  ├── app/                # Next.js app directory (pages, layouts, providers)
  ├── components/         # Reusable UI components
  ├── lib/                # Utility functions and helpers
  ├── public/             # Static assets
  ├── env.sample          # Sample environment variables
  └── README.md           # This file!
```

---

## 🛠️ Built With

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) – React framework for production
- [Appwrite](https://appwrite.io/) – Secure backend server for authentication and storage
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) – Utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) – Typed JavaScript at scale

---

## 📝 Usage

- **Register:** Create a new account with email/password or magic link.
- **Login:** Sign in with password, OTP, or magic link.
- **Vault:** Store, generate, and manage your credentials securely.
- **2FA:** Enable two-factor authentication for extra security.
- **Password Recovery:** Forgot your password? Use the secure recovery flow.

---

## 🧑‍💻 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! 🎉

1. Fork the repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/awesome-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add awesome feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/awesome-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 🛡️ Security/Privacy

If you discover a security vulnerability, please open an issue or contact the maintainers directly.

---

## Security Summary

Current Grade: 🏆 Top-tier (NSA Suite B compatible)

AES-256-GCM: Approved for TOP SECRET data
PBKDF2 200k iterations: Resistant to rainbow table attacks
256-bit salt + IV: Perfect forward secrecy
Performance Impact:

Encryption/Decryption: ~1-3ms per operation
Key derivation: ~100-200ms (acceptable for auth)
Memory overhead: Minimal (~1KB per encrypted field)
Security vs Speed Balance: ✅ Optimal

Initial unlock: Slight delay (security priority)
Runtime operations: Near-instantaneous
Auto-lock: Proactive protection
This implementation provides bank-level security while maintaining excellent user experience.

## 📄 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

- Thanks to the [Appwrite](https://appwrite.io/) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) communities!
- Inspired by the need for simple, secure password management.

---

## 🌟 Stay Secure, Stay Productive!

> _"Your passwords, protected. Everywhere."_

---
